= quikcv_client

Allows users to access their QuikCV profile and maniupulate their online CV data

== Install

  gem install quikcv_client

== Configuration

Firstly you need to be signed up to (QuikCV)[http://quikcv.com] and
generate an API key.

Once you have this add it to a configuration file as below:

  QuikCV.configure do |config|
    config.auth_token = 'abcd'
  end

== Usage

The gem will deal with all the hard work for you, so you only need to
know the resource names to gather information from your CV.


== Available commands

  QuikCV::Client.profile
  QuikCV::Client.personal_details
  QuikCV::Client.personal_statements
  QuikCV::Client.jobs
  QuikCV::Client.education
  QuikCV::Client.courses
  QuikCV::Client.skills
  QuikCV::Client::availability

Description goes here.

== Contributing to quikcv_client
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Yomi Colledge. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

